Update the contributing docs (#673)
github/vscode-codeql: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. Double-check the `CHANGELOG.md` contains all desired change comments
   and has the version to be released with date at the top.
1. Double-check that the extension `package.json` has the version you intend to release. If you are doing a patch release (as opposed to minor or major version) this should already be correct.
1. Create a PR for this release:
    * This PR will contain any missing bits from steps 1 and 2. Most of the time, this will just be updating `CHANGELOG.md` with today's date.
    * Create a new branch for the release named after the new version. For example: `v1.3.6`
    * Create a new commit with a message the same as the branch name.
    * Create a PR for this branch.
    * Wait for the PR to be merged into `main`

> 1. Trigger a release build on Actions by adding a new tag on branch `main` named after the release, as above. Note that when you push to upstream, you will need to fully qualify the ref. A command like this will work:

Reviewer: Future: would it be useful to have a workflow dispatch event for this too? Then you can release from the UI.

Author: Possibly, though by doing it locally, you are (I am) more likely to go over everything in detail.

    ```bash
    git push upstream refs/tags/v1.3.6
    ```

>     * **IMPORTANT** Make sure you are on the master branch and you are fully updated when you add the tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **IMPORTANT** Make sure you are on the `main` branch and your local checkout is fully updated when you add the tag.
```

Author: Yes.
